Flume
Magnetic bass and beautiful pop
The internationally successful Australian producer finally debuts at Sónar with his long-awaited concert. At just 25 years old, Edward Harley Streten -Flume to the rest of the world- lands in Barcelona to present the songs from his new and highly anticipated second album, "Skin," released officially on May 26th. "Skin", full of collaborators such as Beck, Vince Staples, Raekwon and AlunaGeorge (among others) confirms Flume’s position as an essential part of the new electronic pop landscape, searching for the perfect balance between dance, beauty and the human voice. A meticulous and prodigious studio talent, Flume has produced worldwide smashes like "Drop The Game" (together with Chet Faker), "Space Cadet" (with guest vocals by Ghostface and Autre Ne Veut) and "Some Minds" (with Andrew Wyatt on the mic), and has also left his mark on remixes for Arcade Fire, Lorde, Junior Boys, Ta-Ku or Sam Smith, among others. His style, best described as the ideal blend between soul, pop, garage and house, has won the hearts of millions of fans that are eagerly awaiting the release of his imminent second album.

Born in Sydney in the early 90s, Streten began to create beats and melodies in his teenage years. A few years later he won a competition organized by the Future Classic label, with whom he signed his first contract in 2011. His debut song, "Sleepless" was released that same year achieving huge success in Australia. Soon after in November 2012 he released his comprehensive and eponymous album that was equally well received in the United States. Following this came an EP with Chet Faker, a tour with Disclosure (who he has remixed twice), four ARIA awards (the country’s most prestigious music prize), several Australian gigs opening for The xx, and the creation of ephemeral duo What So Not, together with Sydney DJ and producer Emoh Instead. He recently announced -via his Instagram account- February 1st as the possible release date for his highly anticipated new material.